+++
title = "A Measurement Fault Elimination Method in One-dimensional Fourier Phase Retrieval"
date = 2019-12-21

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Pinjun Zheng", "Ying Liu", "Ning Fu", "Liyan Qiao"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "2020 IEEE International Instrumentation and Measurement Technology Conference (I2MTC)"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract.
abstract = "This paper proposes a measurement fault elimination method applied to Fourier phase retrieval. In the phase retrieval problem, if the diffraction pattern is partially measured incorrectly, the accuracy of reconstruction results will be reduced. This paper considers one-dimensional Fourier phase retrieval and proposes a method that can search the faulty measurements out by comparing Fourier magnitude of different oversampling multiples, thus is possible to filter out pixels that are not working properly in the detector to improve the reconstruction algorithm. Numerical experiments show that the method proposed in this paper can effectively eliminate the influence of faulty measurement and obtain accurate reconstruction."

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = "This paper proposes a measurement fault elimination method applied to Fourier phase retrieval. In the phase retrieval problem, if the diffraction pattern is partially measured incorrectly, the accuracy of reconstruction results will be reduced. This paper considers one-dimensional Fourier phase retrieval and proposes a method that can search the faulty measurements out by comparing Fourier magnitude of different oversampling multiples, thus is possible to filter out pixels that are not working properly in the detector to improve the reconstruction algorithm. Numerical experiments show that the method proposed in this paper can effectively eliminate the influence of faulty measurement and obtain accurate reconstruction."

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = "10.1109/I2MTC43012.2020.9129305"

# Is this a featured publication? (true/false)
featured = true

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9129305"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#links = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++

