+++
title = "Weighted Phase Retrieval of Fourier Measurement with Outliers Measurement Structure and Reconstruction Algorithm"
date = 2020-10-22

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ning Fu", "Pinjun Zheng", "Xiaodong Li", "Liyan Qiao"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement ( Early Access )"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract.
abstract = "Phaseless measurement is widely used in various fields, and phase retrieval is a key step in signal reconstruction of phaseless measurement. The occurrence of outliers will cause the optimal solution of the traditional phase retrieval objective function to deviate from the original signal, thereby reducing the reconstruction accuracy. This paper modifies the objective function by introducing a weight vector so that its optimal solution will still approximate the original signal when outliers appear, and proposes a specific implementation strategy for this idea under the background of Fourier phase retrieval. For the weight vector, we design a two-channel measurement structure, using discrete Fourier transform frequency domain cyclic shift theorem and mask technique to obtain a weight vector. For the improved objective function, we use the majorization-minimization framework to derive an iterative algorithm to get optimal solution. Extensive simulation and hardware experiments show that the proposed method can effectively suppress the adverse effects of outliers."

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = "Phaseless measurement is widely used in various fields, and phase retrieval is a key step in signal reconstruction of phaseless measurement. The occurrence of outliers will cause the optimal solution of the traditional phase retrieval objective function to deviate from the original signal, thereby reducing the reconstruction accuracy. This paper modifies the objective function by introducing a weight vector so that its optimal solution will still approximate the original signal when outliers appear, and proposes a specific implementation strategy for this idea under the background of Fourier phase retrieval. For the weight vector, we design a two-channel measurement structure, using discrete Fourier transform frequency domain cyclic shift theorem and mask technique to obtain a weight vector. For the improved objective function, we use the majorization-minimization framework to derive an iterative algorithm to get optimal solution. Extensive simulation and hardware experiments show that the proposed method can effectively suppress the adverse effects of outliers."

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = "10.1109/TIM.2020.3032914"

# Is this a featured publication? (true/false)
featured = true

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9235540"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#links = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "BottomLeft"
+++


